Rewording of company and peopleops sections (#211)
flowforge/handbook: peopleops/expenses.md

[brex-receipts]: https://www.brex.com/support/how-do-i-attach-receipts-to-brex-transactions/

> Brex can also be used to create vendor cards that allow for reoccuring payment for a montly subscription with a vendor.
> Contact the peopleops manager if you require a vendor card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Brex can also be used to create vendor cards that allow for reoccurring payment for a monthly subscription with a vendor.
Contact the peopleops manager if you require a vendor card.
```
